‪-[Jonasi coughing]
‪-[crickets chirping]
‪[breathing heavily]
Support us and become VIP member
to remove all ads from www.OpenSubtitles.org
‪[coughing]
‪[exhales sharply]
‪[dramatic music playing]
‪[Jonasi coughing]
‪[grunts. breathing heavily]
‪[coughing continues]
‪[Joyce] ‪I see you've decided
‪not to take your medication.
‪[Jonasi] Where have you been. hmm?
‪Have you forgotten that I'm your husband?
‪I'm your husband. Do you hear me?
‪-Listen here.
‪-[moans]
‪Get some Vaseline.
‪Do it yourself. you bastard.
‪-[screams]
‪-I'm a bastard?
‪I'll show you what a bastard is.
‪I'm a bastard now. Joyce?
‪You're hitting me?
‪-Jonasi. you're hitting me? Your wife?
‪-What are you doing? Don't you dare.
‪You're hitting me? Jo!
‪-[Jonasi] ‪Joyce!
‪-[Joyce] ‪You're hitting your wife?
‪-[Joyce] Jo!
‪-Listen here. I said listen here.
‪[whimpers]
‪You're my wife. you hear me?
‪I'm not your piece of shit!
‪Do you hear me?
‪-You and I will be separated by death.
‪-[Joyce breathing heavily. whimpering]
‪You hear me? We're going to be
‪separated by death. you and I. Joyce.
‪-Do you hear me?
‪-[Joyce whimpers]
‪[Jonasi coughing]
‪-[birds chirping]
‪-[gentle music playing]
‪[birds squawking]
‪[sniffs] Mmm.
‪[exhales sharply]
‪[bag thuds]
‪[sniffles]
‪[Mpume] ‪Uh. speaking of results…
‪I've already drafted a gift list
‪for all my six distinctions.
‪Good girl. Wow. That's my girl.
‪-[Mpume chuckles]
‪-[Jonasi] Look at you.
‪[Jonasi] You'll be working
‪alongside Daddy real soon.
‪[Mpume] ‪Four in.
‪-Full house. [chuckles]
‪-[gasps]
‪Wait. so you were bluffing
‪this whole time?
‪You definitely take after your father.
‪I'll give you that.
‪No. no. no. Never.
‪The one who took after him is you.
‪Doesn't he always call you…
‪[imitates Jonasi] …"Daddy's little girl"?
‪-[chuckles]
‪-[Menzi] "My little girl."
‪[cries]
‪[Jonasi] ‪Do you want me
‪to bring you thing?
‪-[Mpume inhales sharply] ‪Hmm.
‪-[Jonasi] ‪Mmm. No.
‪-[Jonasi] My goodness.
‪-I'll text you if I think of anything.
‪Yeah. bye-bye.
‪-[Joyce chuckles]
‪-[Jonasi] Wow.
‪-Love you.
‪-[Mpume] Love you too. Dad.
‪[cries]
‪[song ends]
‪-[door closes]
‪-Oh. my goodness.
‪[Lindani exhales sharply]
‪-What are you doing here?
‪-Oh. stop being a nuisance.
‪I'm here to get my dad's clothes.
‪Okay. take his clothes and leave.
‪So this is your life now?
‪Living like a dog.
‪Living in filth.
‪I said take your father's clothes
‪and leave.
‪No worries. I'm leaving. you little slut.
‪-Excuse me?
‪-Oh. whoa.
‪I said you're a disgusting little slut.
‪Mpume. you need to respect me
‪because I'm like a mother to you now.
‪-Get out of my house. [scoffs]
‪-Your house?
‪-This is my house.
‪-Since when?
‪Didn't your father tell you
‪that this house is now under my name?
‪[chuckles]
‪Lindani. why are you doing this?
‪You were never my friend.
‪[scoffs]
‪Mpume. you have one problem.
‪You know what?
‪You think you're so superior
‪and better than everyone else.
‪Can't you see that you're the problem?
‪Sarah slept with your man.
‪[chuckles] Your own sister.
‪And now.
‪your friend is sleeping with your dad.
‪-Piss off.
‪-What are you doing?
‪-You're full of it.
‪-I'll show you.
‪-Mpume! [grunts]
‪I'm going to beat you up.
‪I'm going to hurt you.
‪-Get off me! Get off me!
‪-I'll show you.
‪[dogs barking]
‪-[Mpume] No ways. Don't put it there.
‪-[Joyce] Just a little bit.
‪-I need to so you can heal.
‪-[door opens]
‪-[Mpume] It stings.
‪-Just a little bit.
‪-[door closes]
‪-[Mpume] Don't put any on there.
‪[exclaims] No. no. no.
‪What's wrong? What happened now?
‪[scoffs] That idiot Lindani scratched me.
‪Why did she scratch you?
‪She went there
‪to get your father's clothes.
‪She kept pushing me.
‪She kept saying that place is now under
‪her name and that Dad gave it to her.
‪-[tense music playing]
‪-Gosh.
‪He wouldn't do that. would he?
‪[grunts. exclaims]
‪-Don't you need my help?
‪-[groans]
‪You leave me alone. [coughs]
‪Leave me alone.
‪Move.
‪-Move.
‪-I didn't come here to fight.
‪-I'm just trying to help you.
‪-I said piss off.
‪-Wow.
‪-Piss off!
‪[exhales sharply. coughs]
‪[sighs]
‪[grunts. exclaims]
‪[hopeful music playing]
‪-Stop being stubborn. Gomora.
‪-[exclaims]
‪-No. come this side. Who's being stubborn?
‪-Yeah. but you do need help. though.
‪Come this side.
‪Don't let me fall. Don't let me fall.
‪[knocks on door]
‪Joyce. it's me. I'm here to see Jonasi.
‪Joyce. open.
‪No way. Kill me right now.
‪I have a right to see him.
‪He's my husband too.
‪Mmm.
‪I hear you. but unfortunately.
‪he's still sleeping.
‪He's in no shape to see visitors.
‪-Visitors?
‪-Mmm.
‪I'm his wife and you know that.
‪Keep your voice down.
‪We're in the suburbs.
‪Stop being selfish.
‪Where were you when I was feeding him.
‪bathing him. cleaning him?
‪When I was changing his linen?
‪You were here in your suburbs
‪sitting in this mansion of yours!
‪You didn't care what happened to him.
‪[clicks tongue]
‪Whoa. [chuckles]
‪I was quietly waiting for you
‪to finish your speech.
‪but my no means no. Essie.
‪[melancholy music playing]
‪[scoffs] Okay.
‪Please give this to him.
‪It's soup.
‪His favourite that I made for him.
‪To show I still care about him.
‪Since you won't let me in.
‪[door slams]
‪No. uh-uh. Don't give me that look.
‪Your father is gravely ill.
‪Wow.
‪[grunts]
‪Won't you take this and throw it
‪down the sink. It doesn't smell good.
‪Oh. come on. Mom.
‪Sarah. listen. you won't believe.
‪That bitch Joyce.
‪she won't let me inside the house.
‪I didn't even see your father.
‪Mom. if Dad wants to see us. he'll
‪make sure that he does. no matter what.
‪I'm sure of that.
‪I know you and Essie
‪have a painful history.
‪-Uh-uh.
‪-But.
‪-she is still his wife.
‪-Mpume.
‪Have you forgotten that she is one
‪of the reasons why our family fell apart?
‪-That's not entirely true. Mom.
‪-[stammers] Mpume. I said stop.
‪[stammers] Just talk to Magesh.
‪See what he can do. This is not right.
‪No. Mom. No. Also. I have to go now.
‪-You know he's sick--
‪-[phone beeps]
‪Sarah.
‪Weren't you the one
‪who was always lecturing me?
‪Talking about boundaries and setting them?
‪You'd judge and look down on me
‪every time I ran back to your father.
‪And now here you are talking like this?
‪The person standing before you. Mom.
‪hardly has friends.
‪I'm single. and I don't trust anyone.
‪I don't want to live in the past. Mom.
‪And you shouldn't either.
‪[sighs]
‪-[crickets chirping]
‪-[dogs barking]
‪-[Menzi grunts]
‪-[bottle cap opens]
‪-[grunts]
‪-This is for you. [grunts]
‪Young Gomora.
‪[both chuckle]
‪You know that if your mother and sister
‪were to find out
‪that you've been sneaking in here.
‪bringing me beers…
‪-[laughs]
‪-…they would surely kill you.
‪-Wow. [laughs]
‪-Mmm.
‪Well. it's just that
‪-women can be too emotional sometimes.
‪-Mm-hmm.
‪You know. I have no idea
‪how you managed to marry three of them.
‪[chuckles] No ways.
‪-Wow.
‪-[exhales sharply]
‪[exhales]
‪The biggest mistake I've ever made…
‪was doing that.
‪-Mmm. [coughs]
‪-Yeah.
‪[Jonasi exhales sharply]
‪You know. Dad. it feels good
‪to just hang out with you.
‪Mmm. [exclaims]
‪[both chuckle]
‪Even I don't remember
‪the last time I sat with you
‪-and had a nice cold one.
‪-[chuckles]
‪Well. I can say that. uh. that's my fault.
‪Oh?
‪But now I see now that you were just
‪trying to make a man out of me.
‪-Mmm.
‪-What it truly means to be a real man.
‪[Jonasi] ‪You're the firstborn. right?
‪So why are you acting weak
‪when you're my son?
‪Listen here.
‪You're going to start working at J&J
‪and earn your keep.
‪-Your mother spoiled you.
‪-[Joyce] Don't hit him.
‪-What are you doing?
‪-[Mpume] Mom.
‪I'm gonna discipline you guys.
‪-I'll start with you.
‪-[Joyce] No! Stop it!
‪-[Joyce] Jonas. stop!
‪-[Mpume whimpers]
‪-[Jonasi] What do you think you're doing?
‪-[Menzi grunts]
‪[grunting]
‪[exhales]
‪[birds chirping]
‪[Joyce] Is the food ready?
‪[Grace] Well. yeah. and the end is near
‪for him. You can just see.
‪-It's over for him. [chuckles]
‪-No. no. no. Don't play like that.
‪What if the kids hear you?
‪And then what. huh?
‪-Gosh. don't do that.
‪-[phone buzzing]
‪Just pass me one of those.
‪Oh. my gosh.
‪-Come on. [exclaims] Leave me alone.
‪-[phone beeps. locks]
‪Why won't Essie just give up already. man?
‪Wow. Disgusting.
‪-[Magesh] Leave the kid alone.
‪-[Menzi chuckles]
‪Dad.
‪Here's some water.
‪[grunts]
‪Take a sip.
‪-[coughs]
‪-Oh. no.
‪-You see.
‪-[coughs. exhales sharply]
‪Here. take another sip.
‪[grunts]
‪[exhales]
‪[inhales shakily]
‪-Dad.
‪-Hmm?
‪Why don't you wanna say it?
‪Say what?
‪You know… [chuckles]
‪…after all you've done.
‪you know. I've never heard you say.
‪"My daughter. Dad is sorry."
‪Mpume.
‪[clears throat]
‪Is that how you talk to your father now?
‪I'm your father.
‪You know what?
‪I've spent a lot of time
‪thinking about this.
‪Gomora.
‪from today onwards.
‪I want you to know that I forgive you.
‪Nkazimulo.
‪-[Magesh] Look at him run.
‪-[Menzi chuckles]
‪[Magesh] He's surely grown up. [chuckles]
‪[Jonasi] ‪You know. your mother…
‪[exclaims]‪ …when she was younger.
‪she was full of herself.
‪She'd call me Rex.
‪-[all laugh]
‪-[Mpume] No ways.
‪-[Jonasi] That's what she called me.
‪-A township dog.
‪She said I'm a dog. [laughs. coughs]
‪With rabies.
‪-[coughs. exclaims]
‪-Dad. take this.
‪[Jonasi groans. coughs]
‪Son. I hear that you've been spending
‪more time with your father.
‪-[chuckles]
‪-That's good. very good.
‪[sighs] Well. uh…
‪Gomora is still my father.
‪And I'm learning a whole lot from him.
‪[Magesh] I never thought I'd ever
‪hear those words from you. [chuckles]
‪-[Menzi chuckles]
‪-Let's toast. There we go.
‪[chuckles]
‪[Magesh] Hmm?
‪-[Menzi] Yeah.
‪-There we go.
‪-[Mpume] Oh. Cake.
‪-[Magesh] Oh. wow. Wow.
‪-Look at you.
‪-[Nkazi chuckling]
‪-[Magesh] Wow. Joyce. Look at that cake.
‪-[Mpume] Cake!
‪-Whose cake is this?
‪-[Menzi chuckles]
‪-It's yours. Gomora.
‪-[Jonasi] Wow.
‪[Mpume] Oh. wow.
‪We want to wish you a happy birthday.
‪Oh.
‪[all singing] ♪ ‪Happy birthday to you‪ ♪
‪Uh-huh!
‪♪ ‪Happy birthday to you‪ ♪
‪[Magesh] Oh. yes.
‪♪ ‪Happy birthday. dear Daddy‪ ♪
‪[Magesh] You heard that?
‪♪ ‪Happy birthday to you‪ ♪
‪-[Magesh cheers]
‪-Hip-hip!
‪[all] Hooray!
‪Dad. make a wish.
‪Uh…
‪-[Jonasi grunts]
‪-Uh…
‪Wow. Joyce.
‪If there's one person who's always
‪made my birthday special. it's you.
‪It's always been you.
‪[coughs]
‪Nkazimulo. come here.
‪-[Jonasi] Come. son. Come help Daddy.
‪-[Joyce] Go to Daddy.
‪-Go to Daddy.
‪-[Jonasi] Boy.
‪[grunts] Blow… Blow out the candle there.
‪[blows]
‪-Wow.
‪-[Joyce] Again.
‪-Another one. A big one.
‪-[all chuckle]
‪[all] Yay! [chuckling]
‪["libali" playing]
‪[Xolani]
‪Have you really forgiven your father?
‪[Mpume] Yeah. I had to.
‪You see.
‪and I know my parents fucked me up.
‪but then I figured it's because
‪their parents fucked them up
‪and someone just had to break the cycle.
‪And I'm guessing it was me.
‪Mmm.
‪Um…
‪[song continues]
‪Joyce.
‪[breathing heavily]
‪It's cold.
‪[inhales sharply] I'm feeling cold. Joyce.
‪[breathes heavily]
‪[coughing]
‪I can't put another blanket on you.
‪I mean. you're sweating already.
‪[coughing]
‪Please climb into bed with me.
‪-Please. Joyce.
‪-[song ends]
‪[Jonasi breathing heavily]
‪[breathing heavily]
‪[coughs]
‪Thank you.
‪[coughs] Thank you. Joyce.
‪I have a request.
‪Please forgive me.
‪For everything I've done to you.
‪[exhales. coughing]
‪[exhales sharply] Joyce. I'm scared.
‪I'm going to leave you here on Earth.
‪I'm really scared.
‪I'm scared. Joyce. [coughing]
‪[breathing shallowly]
‪-Jo. you need to stop talking now.
‪-[coughing]
‪You and I don't have
‪much time left together.
‪[coughing]
‪-Let's just lay here.
‪-[wheezing]
‪Together.
‪You and I.
‪J and J.
‪[breathes shallowly]
‪-Just the way it was always meant to be.
‪-[coughing]
‪["Bomibam" playing]
‪[Jonasi] ‪Is there a bun in the oven?
‪-Is this our little Mlungisi Gomora?
‪-Oh. stop.
‪There we go.
‪[Jonasi] I'm proud of you.
‪We did this.
‪-Together.
‪[both chuckling]
‪[exhales sharply]
‪-Yes.
‪-[chuckling]
‪-[Joyce] Mmm.
‪-[Jonasi] ‪Is that my name I hear?
‪-Thank you.
‪-[both moan]
‪[Joyce] Don't forget to come back with
‪something nice for Nkazi.
‪-[Jonasi] Damn.
‪-[Joyce chuckling]
‪[Jonasi] This suitcase is already heavy.
‪-Oh. well.
‪-[Joyce] You're the one who packed it.
‪[dogs barking]
‪[song ends]
‪-[birds chirping]
‪-[children laughing]
‪[Ntombi] Mr Gomora!
‪Oh. my! Oh. my! Mr Gomora! Mr Gomora!
‪[screams]
‪[sobbing] Mr Gomora is no more. [cries]
‪[Mpume] What's wrong? Dad?
‪Dad! Dad!
‪[sobbing] Ntombi. what happened?
‪Wake him up!
‪-[Ntombi] I don't know. I don't know!
‪-[Mpume] Ntombi. make him wake up!
‪-This cannot be happening? Oh. my God!
‪-[Ntombi] Oh. my goodness!
‪-[Mpume] Dad! Ntombi!
‪-[Ntombi] I'm trying to save him! Help!
‪-Oh. no!
‪-[Mpume sobbing. speaking indistinctly]
‪[exhales sharply]
‪[Ntombi] Quick. get the ambulance. please!
‪-[breathes sharply]
‪-[Ntombi] Oh. my God. Where's the phone?
‪[breathes heavily. sobs]
‪[sobbing]
‪[breathes heavily]
‪-[wails]
‪-["ndandihleli." playing]
‪[sobbing]
‪[crying]
Watch Online Movies and Series for FREE
www.osdb.link/lm